I know you touched on it before in terms
of that specific prod by the player to
sue your way then can it do you weigh
Daniel to come back here or do you push
the button on a someone else to come in
January no I don't think I think my
first look was always within I think
we've seen how we've adapted the team in
the structure the team in order to make
that work and I still think we've closed
it that can do that for us sure there
won't be much activity for us in January
you know we report in a lot of players
that we feel could develop over the
course of the summer and those players
and I startin T as I said adapt to the
life here at Liverpool and our way of
working so why so as I said that there
won't be a lot of transfer activity from
us if any over the course of the January
period i think it's mum where my job is
to culture monies the players that are
currently here and more card at
maximizing that talent that they have so
work so that's what we'll look to do
now don't think it is I don't think it's
a good time to explain if you look last
year we never brought anyone it last
year I think I'm you know my job was to
coach the players that we brought in to
manage them and if there is something
that's available the beauty of our
owners here is that they they'll always
bike what as we want to do you know and
if there was something there that we
felt would improve us for the short term
and the longer term then we would pretty
much do that but as i said i'm happy
with how the group is progressing no we
it's been a tough start to the season
for us but i can see our game coming
back and the world and the confidence
and all returning to the team and like i
said unless it was something that we
totally significantly improve at amelie
stockpile players here we'll get some I
stand in young talents so I lon Yong
Yong Jordan ibas sent him over
experience and he's having a wonderful
season at Darby you know so we've got
the young players Leandra as demo
working really well so as I said my my
focus will always be from what we got
from Earth in terms of a young talent
and the other players and if there's
something that's available that can
improve is I would take that to the
owners know me but look at it from there